Welcome back.
I know that the last video was a lot of information introducing CDNs and
understanding how CloudFront can optimize our content delivery.
Let's take a moment to make sure all the required tools are set up,
that way we are ready to learn how to configure and
optimize CloudFront to fit our needs.
In order to do anything with AWS, you have to have an AWS account.
If you already have one, that is great.
You're one step ahead.
In addition to creating an account, we're going to add a new IAM user.
This way, you aren't using the root account to build and configure anything.
We need to configure the AWS CLI because there are many features available to
the CLI that are easier and faster than using the AWS console.
Once we have our account ready and key is generated,
we will install the CLI and configure it so it's ready to access your account.
Signing up with Amazon Web Service is a fairly simple process.
Let's just walk through it quickly so there's no confusion.
Please open your browser and navigate to the URL on the screen.
Aws.amazon .com is the main Landing Page for any and all things AWS.
If you look up in the top right of the page,
go ahead and click that big orange button.
This takes you to the first page of the signup form.
Enter an email, password,
and the name of the account you want to create and this
information will be used for your root account.
Once you have everything filled out,
click Continue and continue onto the next page.
Since this information is for the root account,
you should use the main contact for AWS if you're within a larger organization,
otherwise, if this is a personal account,
you should use your own details.
On the next page, a credit card is required to sign up.
Now remember,
AWS is using a pay-as-you-go model so you won't be charged for anything
until you begin to run services within your account.
AWS needs to verify you by sending a text message to the
phone number you provided a moment ago.
Complete the captcha and click Send SMS.
You will receive a text message within a few minutes with a four-digit code.
Once you receive the code, enter it here and click Verify code,
and if all goes well, you should see this green checkmark.
During signup, they give you the option to add a support contract to your plan.
We don't need that for this course, so go ahead and choose the free plan.
And there we go.
If you're seeing this screen, you are all set.
Go ahead and click the orange Sign in button in the top right of the page.
Use the email and password that was entered on the
very first page of the sign-up flow, then click Next to sign in.
Woohoo!
You now have access to your new AWS account.
Congratulations and welcome to the AWS management console.
Now that you've logged in for the first time,
it's worth repeating that you are logged in as the root account.
Security best practices dictate that you should take
steps to harden your root account,
as well as create a new admin user under IAM and then put
the root account's credentials somewhere safe and only use
it in break-glass situations.
Let's go ahead and add a new user.
Since you're on the main page, in the Find Services search field,
enter the letters IAM and click the Option or press Enter.
The Identity and Access Management service is where you manage users,
roles, and permission policies.
Please take notice of the security status notifications.
This is highlighting the state of general tasks that this account must
implement to apply security best practices and they are the first things
you should complete when setting up a new account.
I'm not going to go through these steps in this course,
but please remember, this is very important when setting up your own accounts.
Let's move forward and create a new user.
Under IAM Resources or in the sidebar, you should find Users.
Click this link, which will bring you to an empty Users section,
click the Add user button at the top, enter a username,
then choose both Programmatic access and AWS Management Console access types.
You will see two new options appear.
Leave Autogenerated password checked,
but uncheck Require password reset as you are the one who is setting up this
account and you will be the one who is using it to access AWS.
If you were generating this user for another person,
then you should probably leave it checked.
That you, you only know the temporary password,
which they will use to set up their own password upon their first log in.
Click the Next Permissions button at the bottom of the screen to proceed.
If this is a brand-new account,
then you won't have any options to pick from other
than the default baked in policies.
Let's choose the attach existing policies directly option,
and then from the following list of policies,
check the AdministratorAccess checkbox.
We're going to use this for the sake of this demo,
but this is a very broad and full permissions policy.
Please follow some of the AWS security related courses here,
on Pluralsight,
to create a more fine-grained policy which you should
use if this was a real-world scenario.
Since this is a course on CloudFront and not access management,
we're going to proceed.
Tags are a great feature for organizing your inventory inside of AWS.
For right now, let's skip this, but if this were real world,
I would set them and I highly recommend you use them within your own account.
Okay,
let's do one quick review to make sure everything is
configured properly before we create this user.
Yeah, everything looks good so go ahead and click Create User at the bottom.
Very nice.
You just set up your first IAM user.
This is a very important window.
Here, you have all of your user's credentials.
Please click the Download .csv button to download a file with your credentials.
You can choose to reveal the values on screen and copy/paste them.
Just remember, once you leave this screen,
you cannot retrieve these values and you will have to recreate them.
Once you're confident you have these credentials saved somewhere,
go ahead and click Close,
and now you can see that you have your first user in the user list.
Now that we have our AWS account and a brand-new IAM user,
all we have left to do is to configure the AWS CLI.
The nice thing about AWS is that you can manage
your services many different ways, through the console,
through the terminal,
or other configuration management tools like CloudFormation,
Terraform, or Ansible.
Since everything in AWS is really just an API call,
using the console or terminal will give you the ability
to perform any of the same tasks.
Using the terminal can improve some steps,
as well as giving you a way to automate or script repeatable processes.
You may use any method listed previously,
but I recommend you learn at the minimum the console and the terminal.
Please open your terminal.
I will be performing this on a Mac, but these steps work on any operating system.
Python is available for all major operating systems,
whether Windows, Mac, or Linux.
Regardless of OS, you should have Python installed on your system.
If not, please install Python version 3.
In order to check if you have Python installed,
you can run python --version or python3 --version.
If you have Python, check to make sure you have pip installed as well.
Once we're sure that we have Python 3 and pip installed,
we can install the AWS CLI.
Please use the following command to install.
Alright, now that that's completed, please run the command,
aws, to verify that the installation was a success.
The last thing we need to do is configure the AWS CLI to hold the
credentials of the user we created earlier.
Run aws configure to add the users keys,
add the access key, then add your secret key.
You can pick the region you'll be operating from.
I'm in the EU, so I'm choosing eu-west-1 and then pick your output format,
I like to leave it at default.
Okay, so we're all configured.
We should be able to run a basic command to verify we are
connecting to our account properly.
How about something like listing our S3 buckets.
We don't have any S3 buckets right now, but that's okay.
As long as we don't get an error back, we have connected properly.
No error, no problem.
Alright. You are all ready to begin building your own CloudFront environments.